hi I'm Mike Fay the PGA had professional
the monument course here at Boyne
Mountain Resort and beautiful boyne
falls Michigan today I'd like to help
you with your golf swing we have a lot
of my students come up to me and they
keep topping their golf shots and y know
why they do it and how they can fix it
one of the reasons why you're topping
your golf shots is that you're not
getting your hands ahead of the golf
ball at impact up here you're back here
and your weights on your right foot and
by the time you get the club to the ball
you hit it in the forehead and she runs
on the ground or doesn't get off the
ground I have a simple fix for you here
you could put a driveway marker like we
have here in northern Michigan that mark
our driveways because we have so much
snow or you can put a head cover a towel
something soft and that down here three
or four inches behind the golf ball so
put the ball down here and then practice
hitting shots that your hands are head
of the ball at impact and your weights
on your left foot not back here because
if you come back here and fall back
you're going to hit the driveway marker
so it looks a little something like this
so hopefully that helps you hit the golf
ball a little bit more slightly you
don't top it anymore okay and if you'd
like help from either one of us at big
league off you can email us or swing at
lessons at big league golf calm
you